hey little stinkers and welcome back to
the YouTube Home Shopping Network I just
reminder that every item visible within
this video is for sale
so please place your bets down in the
comments below today we're gonna be
taking the trip back to the year 1994
the peak of human existence everybody
was wearing jeans on their legs and
jeans on their arms the show Martin
starring Martin Lawrence was entering
its third season on Fox many years
before during its first season on this
shirt and Logan Paul was still a sperm
what a time to be alive meanwhile I was
one years old in 1994 the same age that
the Olsen twins were when they began
their acting careers which is absolutely
insane to think about he grew up in the
90s like I did you probably remember
seeing mary-kate nationally on full
house playing a singular role of
Michelle tanner but also as the 90s
progressed they started popping up in
all these weird like straight to VHS
movies if you could call them that where
they're playing like detectives and
having sleepovers and singing songs
[Music]
looking back it's in these productions
not only are some of them absolutely
batshit crazy
[Music]
but when I went back and watched one it
feels like I'm watching like a
family-run YouTube channel but it's 1994
you guys all started to see what I'm
talking about as this video goes on I
think to start I'm just going to react
to this first mary-kate and Ashley VHS
that I found its called fittingly our
first video basically all this is is an
is an album it's a series of like seven
or eight music videos with a little bit
of banter in between but it's basically
just songs so I'll get you the actual
songs in a second but I can't do that
yet because that's not how the video
actually starts the video starts with a
two-minute advertisement for a variety
of other things and just let me know
what you think about these
if you want to know more about mary-kate
and Ashley be sure to join the twins
very own fan club mary-kate and Ashley
is fun club as a registered member of
the fun Club you'll receive a copy of
our fun Z an autographed color photo of
the twins a personal membership card a
full-size colour poster a fun Club
school folder
the official fun Club collectibles
catalog the carrying case much much more
that sounds fun to join the fun Club
send check or money order for $17 to
mary-kate and Ashley s fun Club as you
guys can probably imagine my first
reaction when watching that besides just
appreciating the incredible use of sound
effects is that I really want to join
this club please let me join this club
unfortunately though I did a little bit
of research and it turns out the fun
Club disbanded after eight years of
operation in the year 2001 dan was there
anything that 9/11 didn't ruin by the
looks of it though I might have actually
dodged a bullet by not being able to
join the fun club because it seems like
the people who were a part of the fun
Club didn't have very good experiences
flaws despite being some of the most
loved collectibles the fun Club kids are
also some of the cheapest in terms of
quality here is a list of some of the
flaws we've noticed within the kids
number one they often get them mixed up
on the right the photo that says Ashley
Olsen is actually mary-kate
they were also incorrectly labeled on
the back of one of the fun's Eanes fuzzy
additionally spelling errors punctuation
errors and capitalization errors these
are especially noticeable in the fun
zine magazines example you re invited to
Macri Kate and Ashley's birthday part
this is exactly how it was tight they
also have spelled Olsen incorrectly
Olsen and on occasion forget to
hyphenate mary-kate can you imagine
being Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen and
having a fan club named after you that's
supposed to be all about you and the
people you're paying to make it for you
can't be bothered to learn which one of
you is which or how to spell your names
correctly and also your six and there's
nothing you can do about it and actually
looking into it a little bit more it
seemed to be even worse than just
spelling and grammar mistakes according
to this entire website devoted to
warning fans about the fun Club it
starts to sound like the fun Club was
kind of a scam warning this is the
mary-kate and Ashley x' fun Club warning
page if you're an Olsen twins fan like
me and many other people in the world
then you need to read this now I joined
the fun Club about three to four years
ago about five to six months yes months
after that I finally got my stuff the
fun Club was pretty fun then but then
about a year later I got a card in the
mail from the Fun Club saying I needed
to renew my membership so I sent in the
money and then they sent me a letter
saying you weren't supposed to renew yet
we will tell you when you need to renew
well why in the world did they already
send me a letter saying I needed to
renew so confusing and so irresponsible
for a marathon or twin z' official
fanclub i was so surprised and mad my
mom got mad to weave wrote to them a
billion times and they haven't wrote
back in a long time so that's why i'm
warning you about this fun Club it's not
so great after all if you're a fan that
is slash was in the fun Club at one time
and you agree that what they're doing is
wrong then send email here to MK a
petition sin in your name and reason why
you just liked it so much and what could
make it better I already have and you
should too yeah you we fans are the only
ones that can stop this we can't let our
favorite twins have a fan club
well like that that makes mary-kate and
Ashley look bad and they can't even do
anything about it so please take the
time to do this Thanks oh and also I
have even made my own mary-kate and
Ashley club it's free but I need a bunch
of people to join before I can send
anything out be sure and tell everybody
about it guys darn you now tell
everybody about this and go here to find
out more
all right I'm ready oh god oh [__] this
is impeccable web design they found one
three by three pixel image that they
liked and then it repeats across the
entire page beautiful I love the
Internet in
all right let's get back to the video
call sail with the stars at eight one
eight nine nine nine three six nine six
to see how you and your family can join
mary-kate & Ashley on their next
Caribbean cruise wait I'm sorry I'm
sorry to do this again well what the
[__] is sail with the Stars was that a
thing
is that a thing will you go on a cruise
ship with the celebrity
please enter your security code please
enter your security code all right that
was weird sail with the Stars catch a
sailing star aboard sail with the Stars
sail with the Stars specializes in
celebrity themed cruises music festivals
at sea and events that are quote leagues
apart from other travel experiences
cruise with bands and favorite musician
oh sweet looks like they've got some
cruises upcoming the kiss cruise
experience November 4th through 9th 2016
ok oh pitbull but that's not till March
of 2017 the specific cruise I'm still a
little confused about was there RL Stein
cruise you know RL Stein the author of
the Goosebumps books alright so let me
get this straight you could pay a bunch
of money to go on a cruise for a few
days and the main appeal of that cruise
is that there's an author of a
children's series on the cruise what are
some of the events that go out on this
cruise maybe you could watch him right
the next goosebumps book through a
window everyone's like trying to peek
over to the ship I want to see I don't
want to see what do you think he's
typing right now I don't know but it's
probably spooky like what is this I'm
not even at all surprised that this
specific event service doesn't exist
anymore
clearly I'm getting a little too
distracted here my apologies
I just find all this [__] really
interesting for whatever reason and so I
wanted to look more into it but to help
you back on track I've changed my shirt
to a different form of 90s nostalgia
spam can a meat so good they named
unwanted emails after him but back in
the video so finally after two full
minutes of weird advertisements for all
the other things that helped the Olsen
twins become billionaires the first song
finally begins
[Music]
fine I'll say it they're adorable I'm
not making this video to bash on the
Olsen twins they're children here and I
think they do a very good job of being
children I'm making this video to bash
on every other aspect of this video for
example the background music which
sounds like it was the inspiration for
the Wii Sports soundtrack oh she has the
nose yeah I was wondering about that not
gonna lie this song is very cute but I
can't say that about the song that comes
right after it which is somehow survived
25 years without becoming a meme girls
don't make a mess make a mess don't
forget to eat all your vegetables
one full pound of uncooked broccoli for
dinner I can't wait till I get bigger
I can't bring I'm do you want to tell
him or should I I can't wait in July
yeah president nobody does a president
like
[Music]
fun fact I figured out by watching the
credits the guy who plays Bill Clinton
in this is named Pat Rick Patrick that's
his name and I don't know why that's
[Music]
I don't normally get political on this
channel but I think we can all agree
while watching this that this song was
written for Donald Trump I would pay a
thousand No maybe like seven dollars to
see this song recreated with Donald
Trump do you think at any point during
this production someone just stopped
everything and was like what the [__]
are we doing why is this duty and
diarrhea noodles
way to go prop Department now I'm not
exactly known for my ability to dance
but what moves are these what's he doing
there
that one wasn't even a dance that's just
him kind of pointing back and forth
[Music]
twins win there both the president not
sure how that works now you guys know
this exists please please please edit
this into some kind of meme I had an
idea to edit into a clip where Donald
Trump is like pensively kind of looking
off into the distance and then you zoom
into his head and then you you see that
he's singing this song in his head and
maybe you cut back and reporters like I
asked him a question he's just like nah
that's kind of what I pictured but I
didn't really feel like making it so can
someone do that for me thanks the next
song is called brother for sale and it's
a song about selling their brother I do
have to say the special effects in this
video are top-notch this song is also
pretty cute a funny detail is that as it
goes on their asking price keeps getting
lower and lower as if to say we will
take goddamn anything for this guy he
sucks
I think what's funny about this song to
me and really this as a whole is like
obviously American actually didn't write
any of these songs all of these songs
are written by adults for them so with
this song I'm picturing them like asking
the kids about their life trying to
figure out like what they could write a
song about they're like give me siblings
oh you do you have a brother do you
[__] hate him would you ever consider
I don't know setting up a stand outside
your front door and selling him for
enough money to buy nothing you would
like I'm picturing the brother who was 9
at the time watching this song for the
first time I'm just kind of like
[Music]
after this you can tell the writers were
really starting to run out of ideas
because the next song is just about
pronouncing words wrong even though they
look the same
they're two different people with two
different personalities which also
happens to be the plot of every single
movie they were ever in and then it ends
with a beautiful number about how much
they love their mom that is so
heartwarming what a wonderful way to end
the album oh wait there's one more song
well it's got to be pretty good if it's
gonna top that
oh it's just a song about peanut butter
again if the Olsen twins wrote this song
I'd be like hell yeah you go girls
that's a cute ass song written by some
cute ass kids but that's not what
happened
adults who got paid to write this wrote
this song and this is what they came up
with how damn it Mike we've got 45
seconds to write a song from scratch and
I'm all out of ideas
don't look at me damn it Mike how could
you be eating at a time like this what
wait a minute
what kind of sandwich is that damn
bottom damn it Mike
you're a genius yeah uh the song and
likewise the video ends with them just
listing different quantities of peanut
butter
lumps okay
did they say lumps again they were
working nonstop throughout the 90s and
early 2000s they released dozens of
videos like this which in total grossed
over 500 million dollars
yeah that's million with an L these
girls were money-making machines they
start in like a hundred of their own
movies they created a global fashion
Empire by being one of the first big
celebrity brands to make their
merchandise available in stores like
Walmart and they became CEOs of their
own billion dollar company all before
they were adults it's all crazy but I
guess it begs the question at what cost
you know it's watching some videos about
them and all the top comments are about
how like weird they are and how they
must be like reptile people or some [__]
which to a degree I you know I
understand we don't see much from them
anymore and what we do it's always some
strange glimpse into their lives like
that vine that went viral a couple years
ago where they're just creepily staring
into the camera a lot of people like to
[__] on them for stuff like that and
just for how different they look now but
I think there's a bit of an unrealistic
expectation for them to be these
well-adjusted normal people when they've
been famous for ever
they've been celebrities for literally
their entire lives they were born they
pooped and slept for a couple of months
and then they were on TV that's the
Olsen twins even try to compare their
story to other child actors who
eventually grew up and turned out okay
or not so okay but there's really no one
like the Olsen twin the main thing that
always separates them from other child
actors is that other child actors
presumably at some point made the choice
to act even if they were 7 or 10 or 15
there came a time where they like
announced to their parents guys I want
to act they didn't know what that would
ultimately end up entailing but they
still made the choice to do it because
at the time that's what they thought
they wanted to do mary-kate and Ashley
never made the choice to act they never
made the choice to be famous those
decisions were made for them and then
that led into years of other decisions
being made for them and I don't think
it's a coincidence that by the time they
were finally old enough to make their
own decision
they stopped acting well it probably
didn't help that they also turned out to
be pretty terrible actors but even a
terrible actor doesn't shy away from the
limelight the way the Olsen twins have
there are plenty of people who strive to
be a celebrity without having anything
that would make them worthy of being one
for a lot of people fame is the goal and
anything that may help them get there is
merely incidental the Olsen twins on the
other hand have absolutely no desire to
be famous they have no social media
presence there they're rarely seen in
public they don't do interviews and
because of that people view them as like
these secretive Hermits like Oh what are
they trying to hide
one of their faces looks different now
is it drugs is it surgery come on tell
us it's my right to know but after
falling down a rabbit hole the
basketball of weeks and watching all
these documentaries and reading all
these old articles written about them
throughout the years I started to I
wouldn't say I started to feel bad for
them because it's hard to feel bad for a
billionaire but it's clear that they'll
never be capable of living normal lives
they've said publicly before and this is
actually kind of tragic but they've said
before that they wouldn't wish their
childhood on anybody
which then a lot of people here and
they're like oh yeah what oh you don't
want to be rich and famous don't want to
build up buy whatever you want boohoo
but like go back and watch some old
interviews of them as a kid they're
really [__] weird do you ever get
tired of the workings just think you
know what I don't want to work anymore
let's just go play no you like work it's
almost like they're these cute robots
that just kind of did what they were
told and they made a bunch of money
because that's what everyone around them
told them that's what they were supposed
to do and I imagine if they did ever
express dissatisfaction with their
situation to someone like their parents
or their manager or their hundreds of
employees who all benefited from them
being famous they would say something
like no no you're so lucky
think about how how grateful you should
be you get to act you could be famous
please keep doing those things you're my
employer I need you to keep doing those
things I don't know I guess to sort of
wrap this up and tie it back to what I
said in the beginning I just wonder if
maybe we're accidentally going down the
same road with some of our famous kids
of today think of all those family run
YouTube channels out there whose success
is 100
dependent on the cuteness of the kids or
the silly antics they get into I'm sure
the parents kind of delude themselves
into thinking that they're part of the
child but they're not they're just using
their kids as adorable props so that
they don't have to get real jobs every
decision is made by the parents in order
to squeeze out as much money from their
kids as possible it's not just making
videos it's pumping out merge and
creating a fun Club and sending them on
a boat with 200 fans for a week which I
just can't stop thinking about how weird
that is
and yes I'm definitely making some
assumptions here maybe the kids are
perfectly happy doing what they're doing
and they'll still be able to grow up and
learn important life lessons and
understand the value of hard work and
all that jazz or maybe not I could be
wrong but maybe shoving your babies into
a perpetual limelight before they're
even old enough to stop [__]
themselves 14 times a day isn't the best
way to raise your child no matter how
much it financially benefits you and
maybe the Olsen twins happen to be the
perfect blueprint for how to [__] up
someone's childhood and all these
parents are just too blissfully ignorant
to care I don't know just some food for
thought I guess but that being said I
guess that's pretty much it for today
guy I'll go ahead and end the video the
same way that I always do by holding my
breath for as long as possible
not so fast [__] oh this is just like
the last video yeah but even worse
because unlike that guy I guess
bad intentions are you gonna touch my
ass you wish I'm actually here to steal
your data no I should've used a virtual
private network hi I'm Charles Charles
has this happened to you no well I that
makes sense this is a very specific
situation but chances are something like
this will happen you at some point as it
does to many Internet users and that's
why I'm here to tell you guys about
expressvpn a couple of weeks ago my
fortnight account got hacked they
changed my password change the
Authenticator app to a device I didn't
have any control over so even if I tried
to reset my password I couldn't do
anything about it because I didn't have
access to the Authenticator app or
whatever and I was pretty upset you're
probably thinking who cares and why do
you still play fortnight both valid
questions but for me it was more of a
wake-up call that I haven't been taking
my online security very seriously which
is where expressvpn comes in when you
use a virtual private network all your
online data is encrypted which prevents
internet naired Wells from sniffing it
out
it also masks your IP address so even
the websites you visit won't be able to
identify you have you ever been trying
to watch a YouTube video and you get
this well the great thing about using a
VPN is you can change your IP address to
that of just about any country in the
world which basically manipulates the
internet into thinking you live there
when you don't and then boom you have
access to that YouTube video you
couldn't watch you can now stream that
Netflix show that's only available in
Canada for some reason take control of
your internet expressvpn has
consistently faster speeds than other
VPN providers they've got servers in 94
countries you got plenty of options
they've got 24/7 customer support and
they've got apps for every single device
so it's not just for your computer
download on your Xbox your phone your
laptop so when you're traveling abroad
you don't have to worry about missing
out on things that only go in your
country it's great this part is it's so
easy to set up they've even this idiot
over here can do it
right 300 yeah let me just do that okay
you sign up get an activation code you
can use on any of these devices you
click there you click there you click
there boom you've done
I finally did something right nice guys
take back your internet privacy today
and find out how you can get three
months free by clicking link in the
description expressvpn comm slash drew
that's expr ESS VPN comm slash drew for
three months free with a one-year
package thank no problem buddy oh right
but I want to buy a lock for this door
yeah I probably should let people just
barge in like that um anyway guy link
description if you're interested in VPN
definitely check that out thank you so
much to express me again for sponsoring
today's video you know this just makes
me feel so much better about my internet
privacy there's so many scumbags out
there and leeches lurkers hackers and
straight-up jerks so it's nice to
finally have some peace of mind anyway I
think I'm gonna go rob a Starbucks so
I'll see you guys next week
[Music]